feat(docs): update product docs for self-driving IA (#18605)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/support/surfaces/code.mdx

---
title: Use Support in PostHog Code
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
---

<CalloutBox icon="IconFlask" title="Open beta" type="action">

PostHog Code is in beta, so some behaviors may still change.

</CalloutBox>

> [PostHog Code](/docs/posthog-code) is the desktop app for driving parallel agents that improve your product. For Support, it's where you review and merge the [Self-driving](/docs/self-driving) work your tickets generate. You don't reply to customer tickets here – that happens in the [web app](/docs/support/inbox).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PostHog Code](/docs/posthog-code) is the desktop app for driving parallel agents that improve your product. For Support, it's where you review and merge the [Self-driving](/docs/self-driving) PRs generated from your tickets. You don't reply to customer tickets here, that happens in the [web app](/docs/support/inbox).
```

I love – but I believe they make the sentences read AI generated when they're used too liberally

## Review the fixes your tickets generated

> 

Reviewer: Really do think we need a video and/or an image here if possible. Maybe a todo here

Author: gonna do a follow up pass for images and videos to make sure I take raelly good ones
